1. Write a Pandas program to display the dimensions or shape of the World alcohol consumption dataset. Also extract the column names from the dataset.

2. Write a Pandas program to select first 2 rows, 2 columns and specific two columns from World alcohol consumption dataset.

3. Write a Pandas program to select random number of rows, fraction of random rows from World alcohol consumption dataset.

4. Write a Pandas program to find and drop the missing values from World alcohol consumption dataset.

5. Write a Pandas program to remove the duplicates from 'WHO region' column of World alcohol consumption dataset.

6. Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption of a given year from the world alcohol consumption dataset.

7. Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption details in the year '1987' or '1989' from the world alcohol consumption dataset.

8. Write a Pandas program to find out the alcohol consumption details by the 'Americas' in the year '1985' from the world alcohol consumption dataset.

9. Write a Pandas program to find out the records where consumption of beverages per person average >=5 and Beverage Types is Beer from world alcohol consumption dataset.

10. Write a Pandas program to find out the records where consumption of beverages per person average >=4 and Beverage Types is Beer, Wine, Spirits from world alcohol consumption dataset.

11. Write a Pandas program to filter those records where WHO region contains "Ea" substring from world alcohol consumption dataset.

12. Write a Pandas program to filter those records where WHO region matches with multiple values (Africa, Eastern Mediterranean, Europe) from world alcohol consumption dataset.

13. Write a Pandas program to filter rows based on row numbers ended with 0, like 0, 10, 20, 30 from world alcohol consumption dataset.

14. Write a Pandas program to select consecutive columns and also select rows with Index label 0 to 9 with some columns from world alcohol consumption dataset.